That's when I saw the video call.
So, what's your profession, La Pienak?
Do I look worse than usual?
This is supposed to be funny.
Police have together men for fuck's sake.
I know, I know.
I had to teleport with Myra.
You did what?
I had to do it for her.
When was this?
Five hours ago.
You shouldn't have done that thing over.
That's dark magic.
It can't kill your spot.
I can't believe you're still alive.
We have six hours.
What I need to do now.
Well, like I said before,
fresh blood, a lot of it.
You'll have to kill this time.
How did I get here?
Signal.
I mean, to scare you.
You don't see many people around here this late.
Are you okay?
Just a small cat.
And I guess I had a bit too much drink.
How about you?
Are you all right yourself?
I'm not.